to bed youtuber goal samsung galaxy
s3 this time I will teach you to
download and install the candy back in
this equipment beforehand while I go
doing the procedure I invite you to
subscribe to my channel where it says
subscribe then click there and from
that way be aware of all the
cores that I'm going to make applications
games tricks and that way too
be aware and be in communication
with me leaving me questions comments
suggestions then a few days to heal
first the application as here by
Julian's apps here
configuration to quickly reach the
play store and we're going to look here for the
candy crush here is written is written
in this way I had already searched
previously indicated
it is the first option that appears here
that says editor's choice of king.com
we go here we quickly click
and as we can see here here is the
size of the application is to 42
megabytes is an application that already has
more than 100,000 downloads is a
application that is in very good
increases the whole world had as I do
Click on install the Samsung Galaxy S3
they have a lot of memory capacity so
we have no problems with that of this
application also has a good
ram's ability to reach you so
this application will work very well
in that team they have already been
previously in the there this law
to organize it for you
Basically this game is very much like
what is the tetris here a screen
that he can not explain to you while
download the game from this screen as
see how the game mode the screen
egg and basically pro cures appear
tools is like its name that's called
hugo candy cast and consists as I said
very similar to tetris to create or search
online three of the same candy or of
490 nl and basically in tetris the
security goes down now and we
we accommodate working while and here
they appear already on screen I had to go
eliminating bamba symptoms sweet and
the game is to perform
Exchanges of fruit salt for example
here where are these two yellow yo
could exchange this way with
green and make a line 3 of pure
yellow and with a charm the ideal is
make lines of 4 since when we do
line of four come out rustic or sweet
wild cards which allow us to
soon do what is happening here
in this photo that a whole
column or a whole time the same one joins the
sweet as you see we have let's see
if the frost has already ended
and at this moment it is already being installed
marbles uninstalled candid installed
correctly
let's quickly enter the egg
let's see already settled here is here
you are already starting and loading the game
basically that's it for this video
if they want to leave the video as well as
see a little bit what is the
initialization of this game basically
here he says to me to play I can enter here
for playing as we can see the game
has as a map a map of pure
seasons
I'm not wrong has more than 100 more than 100
levels
The idea is to go through each level
to finish this whole map in the
first levels give us as a
small introduction of how to play the
game
let's do the first level no more
as for there as here one
so this game as I told you is a
game by levels which a goal of
In this case, the objective is to reach the
300 points and that will give us a
limit of number of movements
in this case here it teaches us how it is
how is it turned this pouring game
basically it consists of doing
exchanges in lines of three
exchanging criticism from the first
level of teaching how here
we exchanged and so quickly did we
several points and let's consider another
another important thing about these
movements that we have a limit of
movements we can not do more than
movements that says here or if not
we will lose a life here we are going to do
another movement
that increased our score of 600
quickly we already meet the objective
that it was 300 like to keep eliminating
here practices
and so we have simply passed the
unit basically that's what is the
candy cash on the samsung galaxy s3 will see
They look great and play very well
thank you very much for watching the video if not
forget to subscribe to my channel